Added Beta Notice (#64)
elastic/ecs-logging-java: README.md

Centralized logging for Java applications with the Elastic stack made easy

---

> **Please note** that this library is in a **beta** version and backwards-incompatible changes might be introduced in future releases. While we strive to comply to [semver](https://semver.org/), we can not guarantee to avoid breaking changes in minor releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Please note** that this library is in a **beta** version and backwards-incompatible changes might be introduced in future releases while the major version is zero (0.x.x).
```

We're still on 0.x so according to semver, it's fine to break compatibility:

> Major version zero (0.y.z) is for initial development. Anything MAY change at any time. The public API SHOULD NOT be considered stable.
